Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Pleas provide pre-populate demo account for us to verify block and report mechanism. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 07656a91-0ef1-4e92-85b3-a0150dec2e96
Review date: May 02, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0 (1)

Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The 6.5-inch iPhone screenshots only display a login screen. Screenshots should highlight the app's core concept to help users understand the app’s functionality and value. 

Next Steps

Upload new screenshots that resolve the issues identified above and accurately reflect the app in use on each of the supported devices.

Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect.

Resources

Follow these general requirements when adding or updating screenshots:

- Marketing or promotional materials that do not reflect the UI of the app are not appropriate for screenshots.
- The majority of the screenshots should highlight the app's main features and functionality. Note that splash and login screens are generally not considered to show the app in use.

Learn more about creating great screenshots for your product page on the App Store or how to upload screenshots in App Store Connect.
Guideline 1.2 - Safety - User-Generated Content

Issue Description

We found in our review that the app includes user-generated content but does not have all the required precautions. Apps with user-generated content must take specific steps to moderate content and prevent abusive behavior.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, revise the app to implement the following precautions:

- A mechanism for users to block abusive users. Blocking should also notify the developer of the inappropriate content and should remove it from the user's feed instantly.
- The developer must act on objectionable content reports within 24 hours by removing the content and ejecting the user who provided the offending content

Once the required precautions have been implemented, or if they are already in place, reply to this message with a screen recording captured on a physical device that demonstrates:

- The EULA or terms of use agreement presented to users before accessing user-generated content
- The mechanism for users to flag objectionable content
- The mechanism for users to block abusive users

Include the recording in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.
